W-11570724: OAuth 2.0 docs (Veeva + General) (#2052)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: veevavault/1.4/modules/ROOT/pages/veevavault-connector-studio.adoc

[[oauth2-oidc-connection]]
=== OAuth 2.0 / Open ID Connection Provider

// partial.. refer to <<>> to configure oauth 2.0 for the connector.

Veeva Vault supports several OAuth providers, such as Azure AD, Ping Federate, and any other provider that supports OIDC (OpenID Connect).

NOTE: Currently, Okta and any other providers that require PKCE are not supported.

Configure the OAuth provider for Veeva Vault Connector. The following steps show how to configure the Veeva service to communicate with the OAuth provider:

. In the Veeva Vault Admin panel, navigate to the *Settings* tab.
. In *Domain Settings*, select *OAuth 2.0 / OpenID Connect Profiles*.
. Click *Create*.

> . Configure your profile. Enter information for *Label* and *Name*, and set *Status* to `Active` and set *Authorization Server Provider* to the provider you are using, or select `Other` if your provider is not in the list. You can also uncheck the *Perform strict Audience Restriction validation* checkbox for simplicity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Configure your profile. Enter values for *Label* and *Name*, set *Status* to `Active`, and set *Authorization Server Provider* to the provider you are using or select `Other` if your provider is not in the list. You can also uncheck the *Perform strict Audience Restriction validation* checkbox for simplicity.
```

Reviewer: What does "for simplicity mean"? Simplicity with what?

> . Enter information for *AS Metadata*. For all OpenID Connect providers, there is a URL that ends with `/.well-known/openid-configuration` that contains this metadata, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter information for *AS Metadata*. All OpenID Connect providers have a URL ending with `/.well-known/openid-configuration`, which contains this metadata. For example:
```

* Okta: `\https://{OKTA_INSTANCE}.okta.com/.well-known/openid-configuration`
* Azure: `\https://login.microsoftonline.com/{TENANT}/v2.0/.well-known/openid-configuration`
* PingFederate: `\https://{YOUR_INSTANCE}/.well-known/openid-configuration`
+

> Use this metadata to configure *AS Metadata* by clicking on the *Upload AS Metadata* button and selecting the *Provide Authorization Server Metadata URL* option. This enables you to paste the above URL into *AS Metadata*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this metadata to configure *AS Metadata* by clicking the *Upload AS Metadata* button and selecting the *Provide Authorization Server Metadata URL* option. This enables you to paste the above URL into *AS Metadata*.
```

        <veevavault:oauth-authorization-code consumerKey="${azure.client.id}" consumerSecret="${azure.client.secret}" authorizationUrl="https://login.microsoftonline.com/${azure.tenant}/oauth2/v2.0/authorize" accessTokenUrl="https://login.microsoftonline.com/${azure.tenant}/oauth2/v2.0/token" scopes="${azure.appid}/.default"/>
        <veevavault:oauth-callback-config listenerConfig="HTTP_Listener_config" callbackPath="callback" authorizePath="authorize" externalCallbackUrl="${oauth2.callback_uri}"/>
    </veevavault:oauth2-oidc-connection>
</veevavault:config>
----

The above example uses the Salesforce authentication provider and requires you to create an `application.properties` file in your resources folder with this format:

----
http.port = 8080
oauth2.callback_uri = http://localhost:8080/callback

veeva.instance = your-veeva-instance
veeva.client.id = your-veeva-client-id
veeva.oidc.profile = your-oidc-id

azure.tenant = azure-tenant-id
azure.appid = azure-app-id
azure.client.id = azure-oauth-client-id
azure.client.secret = azure-oauth-client-secret
----

> NOTE: Azure AD is a special case in which the scope must be set as `{app_id}/.default` to work. With other OAuth providers, you can use the predefined `openid offline_access` scopes unless specified otherwise.

Reviewer: Maybe:

NOTE: Azure AD is a special case in which you must set the scope as `{app_id}/.default`. With other OAuth providers, you can use the predefined `openid offline_access` scopes unless specified otherwise.

Reviewer: unless specified otherwise - specified by who - the OAuth provider? If so:

...unless the OAUth provider specifies otherwise.

> |OIDC Profile ID | OIDC profile ID generated by Veeva when creating a new OIDC profile. To configure the OIDC profile ID, use the ID in your OIDC profile in Veeva. Your OIDC profile contains a *Vault Session ID URL*, for example, `\https://login.veevavault.com/auth/oauth/session/_00000000-aaaa-bbbb-cccc-111111111111` where `_00000000-aaaa-bbbb-cccc-111111111111`. Use this value for the *OIDC Profile ID* field.

Author: ```suggestion
|OIDC Profile ID | OIDC profile ID generated by Veeva when creating a new OIDC profile. To configure the OIDC profile ID, use the ID in your OIDC profile in Veeva. Your OIDC profile contains a *Vault Session ID URL*, for example, `\https://login.veevavault.com/auth/oauth/session/_00000000-aaaa-bbbb-cccc-111111111111` where `_00000000-aaaa-bbbb-cccc-111111111111` is the OIDC Profile ID. Use this value for the *OIDC Profile ID* field.
```
